docs: Improve nrfcloud logging docs (#11401)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/nrf_cloud_log.rst

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LOG_BACKEND_NRF_CLOUD_OUTPUT_TEXT` or :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_LOG_BACKEND_NRF_CLOUD_OUTPUT_DICTIONARY`

See `Dictionary-based Logging`_ to learn how dictionary-based logging works, how the dictionary is built, and how to decode the binary log output.

> Dictionary logs are compact binary log messages which require decoding using an offline script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dictionary logs are compact binary log messages that require decoding using an offline script.
```

As such, dictionary logs are up to 60% smaller than JSON logs, but cannot be viewed in the nRF Cloud user interface in real time.

> Instead, the user interface displays a link from which you can download a single .bin file containing binary logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, the user interface displays a link from which you can download a single binary file containing the logs.
```

> Note that to successfully decode dictionary logs, you must use the :file:`log_dictionary.json` file built by the build system at the same time as the firmware image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To successfully decode dictionary logs, you must use the :file:`log_dictionary.json` file built by the build system at the same time as the firmware image.
```

If you modify the source code and build the firmware image again, the :file:`log_dictionary.json` file may change.

> You must be careful to keep track of each firmware image and :file:`log_dictionary.json` file, as well as when a device runs each different firmware image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep track of each firmware image and the :file:`log_dictionary.json` file when a device runs different firmware images.
```

> You must be careful to keep track of each firmare image and :file:`log_dictionary.json` file, as well as when a device runs each different firmware image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must be careful to keep track of each firmware image and :file:`log_dictionary.json` file, as well as when a device runs each different firmware image.
```
